# Hey There! :dragon:

Here's a link to the blog automately generated by Jekyll: [Ma Block](https://hunter-college-ossd-spr19.github.io/yizongk-weekly/) :fire:

Here's a link to my OLD block that was done when this course was a independent study of Fall 2018: [Ma Old BLock](https://hunter-college-cs-ossd.github.io/yizongk-weekly/
) :fire:

This repository belongs to Yi Zong Kuang, senior at Hunter College CUNY. And contains weekly blogs written about my progress (and possibly some codes!) in my pursue of learning the Way of the Open Source. May the Source be with you (terrible, terrible puns. I know...).

# About My Jekyll-based Blog Hosted on GitHub Pages

Jekyll is a simple, open-source, blog-aware, static site generator.
Jekyll is the engine behind GitHub Pages, so you can host your 
Jekyll blog on GitHub’s servers for free. The difficult work has
already been done for you; all you have to do is some simple
user-specific tinkering in the repository that has been created for
<<<<<<< HEAD
you.
=======
you.

# Instructions For Setting Up Your Weekly Blog Repository

Follow the steps below in order to set up your weekly blog.

1. Locate your repository in the class organization; 
it is named *YOUR_ID*-weekly, where *YOUR_ID* is the GitHub user name that you
chose for yourself. 

2. Click on the repository icon to open it.

3. Find the *Settings* button (the rightmost button in the toolbar)
and click on it to edit the settings.

4. Scroll down to **GitHub Pages** section.

5. In the subsection labeled "Source" there is a button that should be labeled
   **master branch**. If it is not, it needs to be changed. You most likely do 
   not have permission to make the change. 
   If you do not have permission to do this, contact the owner of our
   organization (Stewart Weiss).
    
6. Edit the `_config.yml` file and follow the instructions in the comments in that file.

7. Edit the `about.md` file to include some information about yourself. Since the
blog posts and this file are public, everyone can see what you put there, so 
give some thought to what you would like to say.
In any case, make sure that you use *Markdown* to format this page. 

8. After you have completed all of the steps above, modify this `README.md` file
so that it contains a short description of your repository. 
You will not need to keep these instructions in this file, since they 
are replicated in the file INSTRUCTIONS.md contained in this repository. 
As an idea, it could be something like this:

> This repository belongs to ... and contains weekly blogs written by ...
> for a course in Open Source software development.
 

>>>>>>> 0ef9c22293b88663f41eb8974cf68205fe6e2510
